samples: Updating notes for central_smp_client readme (#7106)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Documentation for :ref:`degugging of nRF5340 <debugging>` in :ref:`working with nRF5340 DK<ug_nrf5340>` user guide.
  * Section describing how to enable Amazon Frustration-Free Setup (FFS) support in :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_device_identification`.

>   * Notes for :ref:`bluetooth_central_dfu_smp` specifying the intended use for the sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Notes to the :ref:`bluetooth_central_dfu_smp` sample document specifying the intended use of the sample.
```
